# API
Never underestimate yourself. If you're unhappy with your life, fix what's wrong, and keep going In love, when things are different, don't look for who is wrong, because you and he are the same team with the same goal When separated, the imagination is the link between two souls who love each other Friends are those who know your weaknesses, but show your strengths. He knows your fears, but shows your strength Make trials a lesson, never complain about hardships, there we are taught to be patient people The biggest risk in life is not taking any risks Those who hate you only prove that your life is better than them. Don't mind them, keep going Just because they don't treat you the way you want, doesn't mean they don't love you wholeheartedly Happiness does not necessarily make someone grateful. But being grateful is what makes someone achieve happiness Even though you are friendly, you don't have to be together. Have your own time. But don't forget them when you find love Don't always say "there's still time" or "later." Do it immediately, use your time wisely Just because they don't treat you the way you want, doesn't mean they don't love you wholeheartedly Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and putting one thought into action is the hardest thing in the world Dear friend .. I don't know how to thank you, but I'm very lucky to have a friend like you If you don't love, just say it. Do not give empty hopes, because someone will be hurt. Don't take advantage of love! Love can make time pass, and time can make love pass Love is close and affectionate, often proving bland after marriage. So be more careful when your love is separated Sometimes, it's not bad memories that make you sad, but good memories that you know, won't happen again In the heads of women there are flaws, but in their hearts there are advantages if staying away from you makes me alone, that's okay ... because God has already matched me, who knows who in the future :( Don't regret what went. Don't cry for what is gone. But get up and rebuild what was lost and go away People who have died will never come back, no matter how much you love them, you have to give up that right? Move On It takes time to find the right people
